FIN6 has been known to attain initial access to target organizations by using legitimate but compromised credentials coupled with legitimate remote access applications, and spearphishing. Most recently, FIN6 may have been purchasing access to environments previously compromised with TrickBot.8 Once inside the target organization, FIN6 uses a variety of open and closed-source red team tools, custom scripts, and commodity malware in support of tactical objectives.
FIN6’s tactical objectives are to identify systems for staging, reconnoiter active directory environments, escalate privileges (often via credential access), and identify systems that align with operational objectives.5 More_eggs , a lightweight JScript implant has been used during the initial stages of compromise to conduct host enumeration, establish command and control (C2), and to download and execute additional tools. FIN6 frequently uses Metasploit or Cobalt Strike for their primary post-exploitation C2 framework, though sometimes employing a degree of customization to increase difficulty in detection. To that end, FIN6 has used code-signing certificates to evade defenses.
Run keys and scheduled tasks have been used for adversary persistence. FIN6 tends to use tools that are indicative of routine administrative tasks. For instance, FIN6 has moved laterally using valid accounts coupled with Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP), various implementations of PsExec, PowerShell, and Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI). The group will dump credentials as they move through an environment but have also exfiltrated copies of the Active Directory (AD) database file NTDS.dit utilizing the Metasploit NTDSGRAB module. FIN6 has exfiltrated this reconnaissance data to servers it controls using SSH. These actions are intended to enable FIN6’s operational objective of monetizing compromised environments.
Depending on the target, FIN6 may identify Point of Sale (POS) systems and use their access to deploy POS malware such as TRINITY. This malware will search process memory, looking for payment card data to harvest. FIN6 will then obfuscate collected data and move it to other compromised systems to be compressed and staged for exfiltration. FIN6 has also been known to exploit public-facing applications and insert malicious code into the checkout pages of compromised sites to steal payment card information. 
In more recent campaigns, FIN6 has used its access to deploy ransomware. FIN6 may stage ransomware and automated deployment scripts on victim servers; these scripts may call utilities like PsExec to deploy ransomware such as LockerGoga to as many machines as possible at the same time. FIN6 may try to acquire Domain Administrator credentials to achieve maximum success with PsExec deployment or so they can use Group Policy Modification to distribute the ransomware via AD group policies.
